# Automating GIS-processes

This repository contains the source files for the course [Automating GIS
processes II](https://studies.helsinki.fi/courses/?searchText=GEOG-329-2) at the
[University of Helsinki](https://helsinki.fi/). While the course is taught as an
on-site lab course for students of the Masters’ programme in geography there,
anybody interested in learning **how to use Python to automate the handling and
analysis of geographic information** is welcome to follow the course content at
[autogis-site.readthedocs.io](https://autogis-site.readthedocs.io/).

## License and terms of usage

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img
alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" align="left"
src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a></a> <img
src="https://github.com/Automating-GIS-processes/2016/blob/master/source/img/GPLv3_Logo.jpg"
width="80">
 
We hope that the teaching material provided here is helpful to other teachers
and learners. Thus, we share all the lessons openly, as well as the source code
and sample data.

**Teaching material and code snippets are licensed** under the **Creative
Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International licence** and the **GNU GPLv3
license**, respectively.

**Read more about the license and terms of usage
[here](https://autogis-site.readthedocs.io/en/latest/course-info/license.html)**.

## Browser based programming environment

The instructions in this course provide a programming environment that allows
anyone to immediately try and run all sample code directly in the browser. This
functionality is realised using [Binder](https://mybinder.org/) and the
[CSC](https://csc.fi/)’s [Notebooks](https://notebooks.csc.fi/) (the latter are
available to students and staff at Finnish universities, only).

<!--
TODO: Add instructions for future teachers of this course:
    - How to set up GitHub class rooms
    - How to update the documents (including setting the
      substitution-variable in conf.py)
    - How to set up CSC Notebooks
    - How to set up Slack, and where to change the links
    - How to update the dependencies at the beginning of a new year,
      and how to lock them to certain versions
    - How to locally install the dependencies using a virtual env, or conda env
    - How to regenerate the docs locally
    - How to fork the repository, and use merge requests as a way to test
      changes before going live
    - How to remove the lesson contents and add them week after week using pull requests
    - ...
-->

## Contact

This course was conceived and designed by Henrikki Tenkanen, and has been
taught, maintained and improved over the years by Vuokko Heikinheimo and Håvard
Wallin Aagesen. Currently (autumn term 2022), Christoph Fink is the responsible
teacher.

You can find contact information on the [course
website](https://autogis-site.readthedocs.io/en/latest/course-info/course-info.html).
